Dr Jameson: Hello.
Dr Jameson: You can see me okay right
Sydney Kent: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I don't see you
Sydney Kent: Oh,
Dr Jameson: There you are.
Dr Jameson: Figured it out. Good. Nice to meet you.
Dr Jameson: Let's see if you wouldn't mind just confirming your name and birthdate
Sydney Kent: Or Sydney trench and then one for 94
Dr Jameson: You're in California right
Sydney Kent: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: And I'm Dr. James and I guess I didn't say that today. Sorry.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so they've already gone through the consent for using telemedicine and did they mentioned to you. I just occurred to me the other day. I've been doing this.
Dr Jameson: Almost a year and I never mentioned it to patients, but did they tell you that we record these meetings they do like a transcription of all the all the visits, so it gets
Sydney Kent: From. No, no.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so I guess I should have been telling people that all on we tell people that, for the groups, but I never mentioned it for my individuals so
Dr Jameson: It doesn't get, let's see, they save it until the transcription goes through and kind of rights on everything. And then, and then it gets like you can't pull up the video, a year from now, but for the time being, there is a technically a video on record.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: To say no and then
Dr Jameson: So are you coming to us from another program or is this brand new or tell me
Sydney Kent: Oh yeah, this is a this is brand new to me.
Dr Jameson: Okay, right. So, um, let's see this visit is meant to be kind of like a medical. Well, we call it history and physical so we kind of go through your whole medical history, if there is any and then
Dr Jameson: Talk about where what's been going on and medication option and how it works and that kind of stuff.
So,
Dr Jameson: We'll start with hopefully easy questions like are you allergic to any medicine that you know about
You
Sydney Kent: And you take any prescriptions for thing. Yeah, I actually take a lot. Um,
Sydney Kent: I take levels, their oxygen 100 micrograms. Then I'm up Brazil 100 up to 20 milligrams gabapentin 803 times a day.
Sydney Kent: Circles 300, hold on. Okay, so am I going too fast.
Sydney Kent: Well,
Dr Jameson: You shouldn't be. But the computer is slow and I am a little bit slow to. So, one second. We've
Dr Jameson: Been doing a lot of our glasses so if it gets too. So, I will let the transcription. So it's all
Dr Jameson: 100 on the
Dr Jameson: Evo by Roxanne right
Sydney Kent: Yeah, it's great.
Dr Jameson: And it's like, pretty sure I know what that's for. Um, what do you take the gap repentance for
Sydney Kent: For nursing
Dr Jameson: Why do you have that
Sydney Kent: Because I was in a car accident.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and you said 800 twice a day. Right.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Is it in your where's the pain.
Sydney Kent: Lower back
Dr Jameson: And that's been one was the car accident.
Dr Jameson: And then
Dr Jameson: For your stomach I skip that one.
Dr Jameson: Do you have like a hernia or just reflux.
Sydney Kent: I just reflux.
Dr Jameson: Seroquel. Is that a bad time. Or when do you take that personally
Sydney Kent: Yeah, that's a big thing.
Dr Jameson: For sleep or for bipolar or what's the
Sydney Kent: First sleep and bipolar.
Sydney Kent: Both okay yeah
Dr Jameson: Sorry, you said 300
Sydney Kent: Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: You just take it up at time right
Sydney Kent: Yep.
It is kind of sedate
Sydney Kent: Yeah.
Sydney Kent: I think that, no.
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Soon as we just use it for for insomnia.
Dr Jameson: Oh shoot, I thought I had bipolar.
Dr Jameson: I should have that in my favorite list really
Dr Jameson: Sorry, and then anything else that you take
Sydney Kent: I take the Suboxone eight milligrams. The film's twice a day.
Dr Jameson: Oh, okay. So you you are already on that. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, that's good. That makes things
Dr Jameson: more straightforward. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: You already know.
Dr Jameson: A lot about it.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so sorry eight flash to you take our do tech savvy Tex.
Sydney Kent: Alright such to
Dr Jameson: I'm sorry. How many day. Did you say
Sydney Kent: To this day, okay.
Dr Jameson: And how long have you been taking that
Sydney Kent: I haven't taken that for a year now. Great.
Dr Jameson: How's it been going
Sydney Kent: Pretty good. I just moved here and I've been having a hard time finding a doctor. So I ran out.
Sydney Kent: John you had to go to the hospital.
Sydney Kent: No.
Dr Jameson: So, okay, where did you go from
Sydney Kent: Homes for us.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so you were still in California, just a different area, where are you now.
Sydney Kent: Clovis it's by far as new
Dr Jameson: Okay, so that's I'm not even in California. That's like North
Dr Jameson: Further right in England. Is that right,
Sydney Kent: Yes. Okay. I don't know. I don't know graphics
Dr Jameson: That's fine. Okay, so what was the program like that you were was just through your primary care without program or all of it.
Sydney Kent: Um, yeah, I was doing an outpatient program.
Dr Jameson: Did they
Dr Jameson: Had. How was it structured. Did you have group meetings or
Sydney Kent: We had group.
Sydney Kent: Therapy we requested. I don't think that I hadn't have individual time. Uh huh. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so sorry I'm just filling in. So you had a car accident.
Dr Jameson: So sorry. You said the car accident was five years ago.
Sydney Kent: To
1406 yeah
Dr Jameson: And then is, is that when TOMMY. HOW DID though. Where did the opioids.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, I was after that.
Dr Jameson: Was it so it started with the prescriptions it
Okay.
Dr Jameson: So,
Dr Jameson: Did you end up like escalating to other things, or you're just buying on the street, or did you not even get to that point.
Sydney Kent: Maybe
Dr Jameson: Um, did you were you did you transition right from prescriptions to Suboxone or did you get cut off and then we'll have. How did it go
Sydney Kent: Well, I stopped taking the
Sydney Kent: Pills and then I guess I just started on heroin.
Dr Jameson: Yeah. And how long did. How long before you got into treatment had that had you been using that
Sydney Kent: I'm
Dr Jameson: Ish.
Dr Jameson: Years months.
Sydney Kent: Years yeah okay cuz I've been. I've been in treatment.
Sydney Kent: Maybe like 12 times and patient but it was a mess.
Sydney Kent: And then
Sydney Kent: I was never really in treatment for heroin until, like, a year ago.
Sydney Kent: Okay, so that's you've been
Dr Jameson: Programs were mainly for Matthew said yes.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: So in patient programs, how many times, he said.
Sydney Kent: No 12 okay
Dr Jameson: Yeah for math do what's, what's your relationship with math right now.
Sydney Kent: And I
Dr Jameson: Do still use it, huh, okay.
Dr Jameson: How long has it been
Sydney Kent: It's been a year, or almost a year. I'm coming up on 10 months.
Sydney Kent: Also chances
Dr Jameson: Okay, so you kind of quit everything all at once. I just said to me yesterday. I think this week. So I'd say that they thought they found that it seemed to them like they're Suboxone help them with math, too.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, good.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, I haven't. I don't know, it's weird because I have no cravings for anything. It's weird. I don't know, I've never had that
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I hope you don't miss them.
Sydney Kent: No, no.
Dr Jameson: And so were you. How are you using the, how are you taking the heroin.
Sydney Kent: Huh.
Dr Jameson: When you smoke, what
Dr Jameson: Were you shooting or smoking.
Sydney Kent: I was shooting it. Yeah.
Sydney Kent: Yes, and
Dr Jameson: About how much a day would you say
Sydney Kent: I don't know. I got up to maybe 10 times a day was pretty bad.
Dr Jameson: And that's when you went to the
Sydney Kent: Suboxone. Mm hmm.
Dr Jameson: Was there a certain thing that sort of made you decide it was time or
Sydney Kent: Anything. Oh, yeah. And actually,
Um,
Sydney Kent: Is embarrassing to say but I woke up next to a man. And I'm like, not
Sydney Kent: I'm like I'm gay. So we
Know,
Dr Jameson: That would be a shock.
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Wow. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So that was kind of your rock bottom moment there.
Mm hmm.
Dr Jameson: So, okay, and then
Dr Jameson: I can, I can see how that would be
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: All right. Alright. Are you in a relationship now on that subject.
Dr Jameson: And you live together or just
Sydney Kent: Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: Do you have kids.
Dr Jameson: Assume anything say so.
Dr Jameson: Do you smoke cigarettes.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, much fish.
Sydney Kent: Back.
Sydney Kent: Maybe
Sydney Kent: Three to 10 today.
Dr Jameson: Oh, okay. So you really
Sydney Kent: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: You're still working on are you aiming to quit completely or
Yeah, okay, good.
Dr Jameson: Has alcohol been a problem that any pointer.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, I kind of crazy but
Sydney Kent: Nothing like drinking every day and
Dr Jameson: Uh huh.
Sydney Kent: Do you drink.
Sydney Kent: At all now know
Dr Jameson: And are you working or in school or
Sydney Kent: At the moment I enrolled in school online. Yeah. Yeah. What
Dr Jameson: What are you doing, how much did you finish high school
Sydney Kent: Yes. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So you're doing college
Dr Jameson: Do you have like an area that you're focusing on
Sydney Kent: Something to do with
Sydney Kent: Like in the medical field, whether it be you.
Sydney Kent: Know, helping people like are being. I don't know what it what I'm going for. And so I just want to help people i don't i don't know how
Dr Jameson: Yeah, okay. Well, that's very nice.
Dr Jameson: So,
Sydney Kent: Yes. Nice.
Dr Jameson: Cool. There's lots of ways, I'm sure.
Sydney Kent: Um,
Dr Jameson: I think it's, I think you'll figure it out. I guess it's harder when it's all online. I guess when you do like more hands on clinical stuff is kind of when you people often get kind of an idea what appeals to them if like physical therapy or nurse nursing or assistant
Dr Jameson: Yeah thing where
Dr Jameson: Like people do all sorts of
Dr Jameson: Blah, blah, I mean,
Dr Jameson: Yes, I'm not. I don't know me, my coffee.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Sydney Kent: Around on a daily know honest. No.
Sydney Kent: I mean, I probably could, but no.
Dr Jameson: Sometimes it's you leave.
Dr Jameson: well enough alone, you know,
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: And legal issues related to all this, or no.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, in the past, okay.
Dr Jameson: Everything's sorted out. Now did you were you ever incarcerated or
Sydney Kent: Yeah, few times.
Dr Jameson: I saw
Dr Jameson: No.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Sydney Kent: And you have a license. Yeah.
I'll settle down. Good.
Dr Jameson: We see as you can imagine, given that we're from, you know, telemedicine, we see a fair number of our patients, you know, can't drive for
Sydney Kent: Oh yeah, you know,
Dr Jameson: Another
Dr Jameson: Okay, any other drug history cooking now.
Dr Jameson: Common factor.
Dr Jameson: Is your partner in recovery or and at history of addiction or anything.
Sydney Kent: And still you know know
Sydney Kent: And she's supportive. Oh yes, very supportive. Okay. Sometimes people don't
Dr Jameson: Share this with their
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so
Dr Jameson: Not, not always guaranteed, sometimes they don't get it really people that aren't haven't lived it. You know,
Dr Jameson: Is your family. Do you have a relationship with family at this point.
Sydney Kent: Just my grandma.
Dr Jameson: Or your parents living or do you know
Sydney Kent: No, I don't know, my father, but my mom died.
Sydney Kent: In 2009
Sydney Kent: And my grandpa. So I just have my grandma left
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Was it
Dr Jameson: Was there any history of addiction. The reason I'm really what I was going, as you know, family history of addiction or alcohol problems.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, my mom had addiction.
Sydney Kent: I mean my grandma's house early told me much. But I know she had issues with alcohol and heroin and she was a she had bipolar disorder.
Dr Jameson: Bipolar that we said
Sydney Kent: I pull it. Yeah, yeah.
Dr Jameson: Not surprised me.
Sydney Kent: Things tend to be
Dr Jameson: No. No. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Did she die from overdose, or you don't know
Sydney Kent: She died from alcohol. I just found this out, two weeks ago. Wow. All this time I thought she died of heroin by now.
Sydney Kent: So I
Dr Jameson: Like her liver, I guess.
I don't know.
Fishing.
Dr Jameson: Or you know if your dad had
Dr Jameson: Don't know anything. OK.
Dr Jameson: And then do you have
Sydney Kent: I have a brother and I have a sister in foster care or she has different parent
Sydney Kent: A doctor. Yeah.
Sydney Kent: Do you
Dr Jameson: Have any contact with either family. No.
Sydney Kent: No.
Sydney Kent: With my brother. Yeah, but he doesn't talk to me.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Does he have any of this stuff.
Dr Jameson: Bipolar addiction.
Dr Jameson: Oh my goodness, this is just our glass and again. All right, I'm just get out of here.
Dr Jameson: let it do its percolating okay so they explain to you how our program is structured with the weekly group and
Sydney Kent: Really. OK. OK.
Let me tell you.
Dr Jameson: So we have this initial visits, which is a lot less complicated when you've already been in treatment because he kind of probably know the drill. Though we happy to
Dr Jameson: Answer any questions if you have any about how the medicine works and all that. And then we find a weekly group that fits your schedule.
Dr Jameson: And that's a obviously a group. So there's other patients MYSELF AND WELL AS PRESCRIBING person and counselor and that's we call them on recovery skills or relapse prevention or
Dr Jameson: But basically we talked about different subjects that have to do with
Dr Jameson: coping skills and dealing with adversity and
Dr Jameson: Mindfulness and
Sydney Kent: Okay, so
Dr Jameson: That kind of stuff. Probably so. I assume similar to what you
Dr Jameson: Know, yeah it before but
Dr Jameson: Then you have at least one visit with a counselor for a one on one sort of assessment. Do you do a counseling. Well, he just moved, I realized, but before you move. Were you doing any individual work separate from them and it can be done that in the past or
Sydney Kent: In the past, until then.
Dr Jameson: So if you are seeing someone currently locally, we wouldn't necessarily insist that you also be seeing, we'd have the one visit but you know you could continue with your local councillor. If you don't have a current counselor, we generally
Dr Jameson: require at least a course of so many. I don't know, a couple months worth of counseling sessions with with one of our counselors, up until sometimes more sometimes less just depends on the individual, but until basically you both agree, not much here to talk about anymore.
Dr Jameson: And then we can put it on to a more of a like an as needed. You know something's going on. I need to check in, then fine, but so we start out with a plan of you doing some
Dr Jameson: You know, individual work where you can get a little
Sydney Kent: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: We're into the weeds about
Dr Jameson: Stuff that you might not want to
Dr Jameson: Throw out into group.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: And then, well, you have the initial lab that's includes blood work as, as well as the urine and then after that we just do monthly
Dr Jameson: urine drug screens. So, and the details on that we can get they they mail you a cup and its own anyway but
Dr Jameson: Okay, yeah. So the only time you have to go to a local lab is for the original the initial
Set of of labs.
Dr Jameson: And you have a plan on that located a place you're going to go
Not yet.
Still seriously.
Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: The only thing I can think of. Did you do blood work when you were in your other
Dr Jameson: Program.
Sydney Kent: OK.
Dr Jameson: OK, so I'll just
Dr Jameson: I'll ask, Jamie. Have you met gene. Who have you been working with so far.
Sydney Kent: Knowing
Dr Jameson: Well, like who did your intake and all the paperwork with you.
Sydney Kent: I see was her name is Maria
Dr Jameson: Okay, so we have what's called
Dr Jameson: Honestly, it's still confuses me sometimes how everything gets organized. But anyway, there's some we have something called care navigator, and they sort of are your sort of point person for
Dr Jameson: Whatever stuff. And so my care of navigators name is Jamie. Jamie barber. I think her last name is she's the one that you know when somebody needs something I
Dr Jameson: I messaged her so I just did messaged her so she should be in touch with you at some point, usually what we do is
Dr Jameson: Find
Dr Jameson: A local lab. Usually we use quest. But if there is no question your area, they sometimes use the local hospital. Anyway, they send out an order for you and then you go and
Dr Jameson: Do your thing. And then after that, like I said, we
We don't we just do that with them the monthly urine.
Dr Jameson: So that's how that works. My. What's your schedule like as far as
Dr Jameson: Like on when like during the day, or do you are you in class at certain times, are you kind of flexible or
I'm flexible.
Sydney Kent: OK.
Dr Jameson: So my Wednesday groups are currently
Dr Jameson: Sorry, my California groups are currently on Wednesdays.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: And I have one.
Dr Jameson: Sorry.
Dr Jameson: It's my I'm on the East Coast. So your time wins. It's either 1030 or noon.
Dr Jameson: Okay, it's one of those Seymour.
Sydney Kent: Noon.
Sydney Kent: So I have a hard time getting up
Dr Jameson: Okay, yeah, that's fine.
Just, just switched anyway so
Dr Jameson: The other one looks like it's gotten quite all anyway. So just as well.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so I'll just pencil you there for now and then the way that that, where do you go by Sydney
Dr Jameson: Yeah, you don't. That's your I don't wanna
Dr Jameson: I will call you.
Dr Jameson: Like to be called and then you do that you sorry, did you say films or or tablet.
Sydney Kent: Films. Okay.
I just have to
Dr Jameson: look you up in the little database.
Just require so second
Dr Jameson: When was the last time you filled a prescription
Sydney Kent: My day is it
Dr Jameson: Today is the third of March.
Sydney Kent: So,
Sydney Kent: I'm gonna say
Sydney Kent: Sunday not last Sunday.
Sydney Kent: Linda week before. Okay.
Sydney Kent: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: And then
Dr Jameson: You got that from the hospital.
Sydney Kent: Okay.
Dr Jameson: And it looks like they were giving you a month supply
Sydney Kent: Dr. Ross was, it was
Dr Jameson: Doing here.
Sydney Kent: Yeah.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, yeah. Doctor us and
Sydney Kent: They just gave me a
Sydney Kent: I think it was seven days where it's like a week and they told me to to find someone in a the resources.
Dr Jameson: Um, alright, so
Dr Jameson: Tony, so you're pretty much out. Now, I guess.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, maybe two.
Sydney Kent: Oh wait, no, I have enough till tomorrow.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Yeah, it looks like you what this says as he thought he felt a week ago today on the
Sydney Kent: 23rd. Okay. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So a couple little. It's a lot all at once. So I guess I don't want to overwhelm units okay if you don't remember all this but for group. We ask that you not be smoking during group.
Dr Jameson: Of people. Some people are quitting or have quit recently.
Dr Jameson: watched somebody else.
Dr Jameson: We asked. I don't really care when we're on the individual here because whatever your whoever if there is somebody else in your room.
Dr Jameson: Obviously you're comfortable talking in front of them and I don't have any problem for them hearing me, but in the group when we have multiple people and privacy is is
Dr Jameson: At most, we require headphones of some kind.
Dr Jameson: Your, your bugs or whatever, just so that we're sure that nobody else behind the cameras listening and
Dr Jameson: So if you can just plan on having those available and
Dr Jameson: That's really the only way we'd like you to be, you know, not multitasking and
Dr Jameson: Then quietly in a quiet place.
Dr Jameson: In general, the thing to remember is, you're always going to start a virtual clinic, like you did today so
Dr Jameson: That's all you have to remember. And then when you get there, they'll check you in and then give you the meeting ID, which will change every week. But if you just all you if you just remember to go to virtual clinic and then you'll be
Dr Jameson: they'll, they'll help you from there.
Sydney Kent: Okay, perfect.
Um,
Dr Jameson: So, I mean, I guess if you're free. Then I would, you know, encourage at the welcome you to come to group tomorrow I'll write your prescription for the week today, but that way you can sort of meet everybody and get into the get into the swing.
Sydney Kent: Okay.
Dr Jameson: It's a mixed. You know, we have people who
Dr Jameson: Have been in treatment, a long time. Some people that are just, you know, never literally just stopped using heroin last week.
Dr Jameson: And then kind of in in the middle so
Dr Jameson: You're
Dr Jameson: Anytime, even when you're not brand new to group if it's just not a good day and you aren't feeling up to it. You don't have to like always share and
Dr Jameson: divulge, you know, but
Dr Jameson: Certainly when it's your first day you know
Sydney Kent: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: You're welcome to just kind of watch john is the counselor. He'll probably ask you if you'd like to share and, you know, he won't you what I just want you to know is it's okay if you're like, I'd rather wait another you know
Dr Jameson: Not today. Yeah. Someone passed today or something.
Dr Jameson: Rather list. Totally fine.
Dr Jameson: You'll just play it by ear. However, you're feeling is fine. And then the only thing we usually end every week with everyone saying something you're grateful for. So I like to let people know that so you're not
Dr Jameson: Completely apart if you want it.
Sydney Kent: Okay.
Sydney Kent: Cool, cool. Yeah, I've already doing that. So that's cool.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so hopefully that's not too hard of a question to you, and that's how we typically wrap up each group so
Dr Jameson: Just a heads up on that, um,
Dr Jameson: Do you have any questions about how the medicine works or anything, anything about it that you have had problems with or side effects or any issues with
Sydney Kent: Questions with that.
Sydney Kent: With that nobody. I have a question of how this thing works. But think of the group thing. Do I have to have my video on
Dr Jameson: I'm we prefer
Dr Jameson: It why
Why are you asking
Sydney Kent: Okay, I didn't, I just didn't know how it works. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I mean, we
Go ahead.
Sydney Kent: Yes. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Um,
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I mean, we generally do because we kind of, you know, want to see that you're awake and
Sydney Kent: Not annoying.
Dr Jameson: Or whatever, but
Dr Jameson: Um, sometimes, like if people have a bad connection or something. And we're not getting a good signal. Sometimes people will turn their video off or like when they're not talking, they'll have it off so they can hear better but
Sydney Kent: Okay.
Dr Jameson: To talk, they'll turn it on, but
Dr Jameson: Are you
Dr Jameson: self conscious or what we're
Dr Jameson: Here. Yeah, we have a lot of patients who have kind of like social anxiety. Is that something you
Sydney Kent: Yep.
Dr Jameson: I even have it a little. I think so.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: So I mean it. I guess it is some of our patients find that this is less uncomfortable because you're still in your own space and you know
Dr Jameson: Yeah, separate, you know,
But certainly
Dr Jameson: You know, just even if you don't have social anxiety, meeting new people for different in a new environment, a new anything new is usually a little
Dr Jameson: anxiety provoking. So yeah, I think you're that sounds pretty
Dr Jameson: You know par for the course.
Dr Jameson: I've me. I think your urine everyone, everyone is, you know, some similar to us on that sense I think some obviously more more than others. For some people, but
Dr Jameson: Yeah, we have mostly
Dr Jameson: Mostly ladies and this group actually but
Dr Jameson: There's a couple guys for one, not one of them doesn't come every week.
Dr Jameson: One just had a baby like a month ago.
Sydney Kent: She's okay
Dr Jameson: In treatment with us. So, you know, all through her pregnancy and
Dr Jameson: Let's see.
Dr Jameson: We have another lady who's
Dr Jameson: Thinking about live in Oregon story and then we have Kareena is
Dr Jameson: Actually don't have a couple months she was taking pills.
Dr Jameson: Anyway, so there's a variety. But I think, I think.
Dr Jameson: Hopefully you'll find it. It turns out to be less bad and you expect. Yeah, look at it that way.
Dr Jameson: Do you have any other questions about we do ask that you check in. Start the check in process, about half an hour before group is scheduled to start
Dr Jameson: At 730 that's just because with the group of people all checking in simultaneously. You know, they can only do so many at a time. And sometimes people are due for their drug screen. So I got to do that on the spot, and there's
Dr Jameson: Did they already have you fill out any survey type
Sydney Kent: Okay.
Dr Jameson: So there's the only other weekly requirement. Besides, Larry mentioned, I'm not really involved in it. So I always forget about but they they have they're really into data for
Dr Jameson: The guys, the guy that runs that started the company and the medical director, they love it. So they like to track how are you doing today. So they have
Dr Jameson: surveys and ask people to feel. I think it's 10 to 15 minutes or so, and I believe you get it by email.
Dr Jameson: So I guess people don't enjoy filling them out. So they leave it last minute. So a lot of people have to fill their surveys out before they get the
Dr Jameson: Meeting ID. But if you see the survey earlier in the week. Feel free to just fill it out on the you know there. And then so that it's done before. Here in the checking in process.
Dr Jameson: But I think those are pretty much the main things you know my personal kind of request ask is that you
Dr Jameson: First of all, I mean we're not, we don't expect
Dr Jameson: We hope for, but we don't expect people to be 100% sober, from the moment they enter treatment. I know you've been in treatment for longer. So hopefully this is becoming a little less
Dr Jameson: Touching go but
Dr Jameson: You know, if you haven't had an abnormal finding on a drug screen. We don't kick you out. We want to talk to you about what's been going on and how are you gonna, you know, what are you going to what changes do you feel that you
Dr Jameson: Need to make and that's happening, that kind of stuff. But we're not like a punitive kind of
Dr Jameson: Program.
Dr Jameson: The things that can get people in trouble are either missing appointments through, you know, commonly and not calling and then, you know, calling Friday night. I'm not a medicine like it's a crisis now.
Dr Jameson: Not testing positive for the box. Oh no, it's not.
Dr Jameson: And that's
Dr Jameson: You know, basically you know what you want to make sure that our patients are taking the medicine and not
Dr Jameson: Having something else happened to their pills or medication. So
Dr Jameson: Really, it's about communication and being
Dr Jameson: Adult
Dr Jameson: Keeping appointments and that's hard for some people, you know, especially people that really kind of got into this
Dr Jameson: Lifestyle or whatever issue problem when they were in their teen years like never really kind of figured that stuff out. So that's kind of like part of our initial, you know, work is like set an alarm makeup on time.
Sydney Kent: Were
Dr Jameson: You know, that's okay too. But, but
Dr Jameson: If it becomes a it becomes, you know, like a recurrent problem, then we have you know sometimes been known to like
Dr Jameson: Drop a prescription from we usually start one week at if I was starting from scratch. I might just do a couple days and then follow up with you but you're on a stable though so that
Dr Jameson: You don't need to that with you. But we usually start a week at a time.
Dr Jameson: And as you build kind of a track record and you're showing up and you're or, you know, calling when you can't make it, and rescheduling and doing, you know, kind of the, all the appropriate
Dr Jameson: Expected things. Eventually, it usually two, three months down the road we can extend your prescription to two weeks at a time. And finally, six weeks, you know, six months in a month at a time.
Dr Jameson: But we can always go backwards do if we need
Dr Jameson: Sometimes we end up with three data points prescriptions and
Dr Jameson: Anyway, so
Dr Jameson: Hopefully we don't have to do that but
Dr Jameson: We, we have our carrots and sticks basically
Dr Jameson: Anyway, that's really my biggest like pet peeve is people that don't keep their appointments and you know it's me or the counselor sitting here, you know,
Sydney Kent: We're here in
Dr Jameson: Our day to be here and then the patient can't bother to show up or call that they can't make it, which is
Sydney Kent: Yeah, that is
Dr Jameson: Frustrating, as you can imagine.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: So that's really kind of my biggest like you know expectation is that we're all kind of mature.
Dr Jameson: And then
Dr Jameson: You're not offered it now. So we in you know about the whole if you took it to cluster when you've taken something else it would make you sick. Instead of making you better
Sydney Kent: Where that whole thing. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Do you do any WHERE WERE YOU DOING. How long ago did you move
Sydney Kent: To go. Okay, so it's still kind of new so
Dr Jameson: Were you doing any other local meetings before you will
Sydney Kent: Oh yeah, I was good to a day.
Sydney Kent: Okay, and
Dr Jameson: Have you found any in your new area yet.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, I've been trying to hit on every day. Good. We found
Dr Jameson: That seems to be a good match for you.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, there's one. Okay. You know, sometimes they're not always, ya know,
Dr Jameson: And then since we're an online thing I would, I don't know if you've ever heard of the there are some online support groups to. Are you familiar with in the rooms or find another one.
Sydney Kent: No, I'm not familiar with that.
Dr Jameson: So that it's a website, I believe they have an app also
Dr Jameson: But I think they're like 24 hours a day, you can log in there and find
Dr Jameson: It's just a good reason. Anyway, they have a, it's a, like a clearinghouse like they have a list of all the local meetings in your area to I'm sure you have other places to find that, but they have the app, but they also have different
Dr Jameson: It might be worth checking out. Because I know I looked at. I looked up the one near where I live, and they have people. I live in Florida. So there was like the silver foxes or something they call themselves but like
Dr Jameson: older folks and then yeah, was that there was an LG
Dr Jameson: BT Group and there's, you know, they kind of break it down into sub sub sections or clubs or whatever.
Dr Jameson: But that might be, you know, might be something that that might be appealing or not. But anyway, it's, it's also another option if if you've only found the one that's
Dr Jameson: Feeling like a good fit. So
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Well, so that might also be helpful, then
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I'm
Dr Jameson: Okay, and then I will let you did you give them the pharmacy that you wanted to use
Sydney Kent: I don't know if you see what I have. I think I did. Yeah.
Sydney Kent: And I talked to Maria I did. There's a Walgreens. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So are they aware that while you're kind of new to them. Anyway, I guess, because he just not there. Yeah. On Shaw Avenue.
Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: The sometimes some of the it's usually okay in California. They're generally okay but every so often.
Dr Jameson: They get a little upset when they find out that we're telemedicine.
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Oh.
Sydney Kent: Kind of what I was worried about and
Dr Jameson: Usually with we call them or they Google us and they see like we're not just, you know, I think they just worried that we're some kind of scam or something.
Dr Jameson: So, um, but once they see that we kind of are we were legit. Usually it's okay but sometimes it needs a phone call and some reassurance so
Dr Jameson: Are you self pays that right
Sydney Kent: Yep. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So use like a good Rx coupon or something.
Sydney Kent: Yeah.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, are you sir. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And i think i guess i the generic films about the same as the tablets, as far as cost. I thought the tablets were a little less
Sydney Kent: I've never been on the tablet.
Dr Jameson: It's totally up to you. I
Dr Jameson: Just let me look it up.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, I think the generic films. They're I think they're just $10. I don't know. No, I don't have insurance.
Dr Jameson: It hasn't been too bad for you. Good. Okay. That's pretty good.
Dr Jameson: For a week with that.
Sydney Kent: Well no actually, no, I didn't like almost $100 for two weeks. Whereas, so
Sydney Kent: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Cause this phobics
Dr Jameson: Okay, let me look and see what it says. Because sometimes not to make it all nice, but sometimes one pharmacy is less than another to maybe you know that, but
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, it looks like for 14 films at Walgreens. It's 45 so that would make sense. That's for one week if we switch it to the tablets, just for curiosity.
Dr Jameson: Is
Dr Jameson: The same at Walgreens. But some of these places. Save Martin Ralphs and Costco. It's $24 for a week supply
Dr Jameson: So I don't know if you
Dr Jameson: even want to switch to a different thing, or you want to just leave well enough alone, but I just, just to throw that out there.
Um,
Sydney Kent: I don't know this Suboxone tablet.
Sydney Kent: Or those like the subjects are no less.
Dr Jameson: Nope. They have, um,
Dr Jameson: There's the film strip which there's a brand name or generic and then there's a generic tablet, but there is the subtext tablets. But there's also Suboxone generic equivalent tablets.
Dr Jameson: So some people don't like one or the other. And some people like it it's not always the same.
Dr Jameson: If the tablets get gum dummy in there, like, kind of, there's more bulk to them. So some people don't like them but some people find that
Dr Jameson: They don't like the taste of the film and makes them, ya know, so different people seem to have different preferences I doesn't make any difference to me.
Dr Jameson: But since your footing the bill. I just, you know, like I want to give you that option, since it might be less costly for you. Are you going to be self pay or. You definitely are you in the process.
Sydney Kent: I'm waiting for that account to come
Sydney Kent: Yeah, like March seven,
Sydney Kent: Oh see coming soon.
Dr Jameson: Maybe it's not worth. Let's just do the week supply at this
And then
Dr Jameson: And then going forward, then I think they actually prefer the brand name.
Sydney Kent: But yeah, I was just yeah just strangely enough, yeah, we're seeing such a thing. But anyway, yeah, they wouldn't back if I don't say
Dr Jameson: Brand only dispenses written, they won't, they won't give it to you. It's stupid. But anyway.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so I will send what you've been on and just make sure you do bring your good Rx coupon so that you get the the discounted rate. Otherwise, it's like 80 bucks. It looks like so.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: Um, so I will send this right now. And then I texted Jamie the care navigator about getting your lab order sort sorted
See
Dr Jameson: And I usually just ask people to do that within the first week like it's not. It doesn't have to be today but
Sydney Kent: It seems like if we go too.
Dr Jameson: Long without doing them then they get harder and harder to get people halfway. I don't know why.
Dr Jameson: It just becomes less top of mind, I guess, I don't know.
Dr Jameson: Um, so just to get it out of the way, is usually the best seems like, um, how tall are you,
Sydney Kent: 566 he says yeah and you know
Dr Jameson: About how much you weigh these days.
Sydney Kent: Out one AD.
Dr Jameson: You and I are extremely similar in size, it sounds like
Dr Jameson: And then I didn't really ask like you have like overdoses. And that sort of did you have
Sydney Kent: No, I haven't. Okay, good. Let's especially
Dr Jameson: Lately the
Dr Jameson: fentanyl is creeping in there so
Dr Jameson: And you said you never really did a rehab or an inpatient thing for opiate per se was mainly for the math right
Sydney Kent: Yeah, the only time I did it was last year. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: That was right before you went on, or when you did they start you on the Suboxone or
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Oh my gosh, I came in 801 new ok
Dr Jameson: OK, so that's how you started and then transition to that way. Okay, perfect.
Dr Jameson: And we kind of talked about, I think all the rest of it. Alright, so I guess I'm done with my million questions.
Dr Jameson: And any others that you've thought of since we
Dr Jameson: And talking
Sydney Kent: Um,
Sydney Kent: Do I often see like a doctor to to like refill my will be interested in my other stuff.
Sydney Kent: Like out
Sydney Kent: Of the depression. I've been
Sydney Kent: Okay, yeah.
Dr Jameson: I think I guess he left that one. I'll see your
Dr Jameson: On
Dr Jameson: Your channel so
Sydney Kent: Yeah, I forgot that I was on it.
Dr Jameson: Yes is the answer. But if you're out. I can send like a bridge to help you. So you're not
Dr Jameson: Stranded while you. I mean, you need a local primary care right
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Are you on the XL extended release.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, I'm on the actual the word 50 okay
Dr Jameson: Alright, so you were you need a refill on that.
Dr Jameson: Have you been, have you looked yet for any local doctors yet.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, I've been looking and
Dr Jameson: If it's hard, without the insurance.
Sydney Kent: Yeah yeah yeah
Dr Jameson: So hopefully that'll be a that'll be sorted out, but it might take a couple of months because how long have you been on the Wellbutrin
Sydney Kent: Two years.
Sydney Kent: And it's been working
Sydney Kent: For you. Yeah, it's been working
Dr Jameson: And that's, I guess, also for the bipolar.
Dr Jameson: Man happy helping you quit smoking, too.
Sydney Kent: Yeah yeah
Sydney Kent: Yeah, they had me on that will be featured in Tokyo back to the same time.
Sydney Kent: Uh huh. And I quit for a while.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, yeah. Well, there's, you know, that's the there's that and
Dr Jameson: I can think of.
Dr Jameson: To Q Cynthia.
Sydney Kent: Balta
Dr Jameson: Know there's a weight loss, like, oh,
Dr Jameson: Like multiple things together, but it's I believe Wellbutrin and Toba max.
Dr Jameson: And then a stimulant. But anyway, that they are both used to kind of decrease
Dr Jameson: Desire for
Dr Jameson: Food or alcohol or
Dr Jameson: cocaine or whatever.
Sydney Kent: I couldn't even drink soda on it.
Dr Jameson: Well, the top of Max can decrease appetite for sure and even sometimes causes nada, but it also
Dr Jameson: Makes it hard to remember
Sydney Kent: Things. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Word finding problems so
Sydney Kent: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: That can be that can be a downside, but okay so yeah I sent some of your turn for you. How are you with the circle.
Sydney Kent: Um, I think I'm good.
Sydney Kent: I had, I kind of want to cut down circle because it's a lot and it's just making me really groggy
Dr Jameson: Have you tried. Can you break it.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, I can break it.
Sydney Kent: I guess you could try. Okay, might be hard to
Dr Jameson: Break it into thirds, but
Dr Jameson: You could try doing a half
Dr Jameson: Or three quarters.
Dr Jameson: And see if that works still works but doesn't make you Braga finding that sort of
Dr Jameson: Just right doses sometimes
Dr Jameson: So yeah, I mean, I think as long you know the down the risk is that you're bipolar x up so
Sydney Kent: Yeah, it's been acting up. Oh.
Dr Jameson: So I don't know, maybe, maybe not the time.
Dr Jameson: To rock the boat any further and you know that's not that does not surprise me at all because you've got a big transition and lots of uncertainty, trying to find a new program and find a new doctor and you know just find your way around town and everything else like
Sydney Kent: Times are definitely stressful. So
Okay.
Dr Jameson: Well, maybe the counselor or counseling will be helpful.
Dr Jameson: All right, well, I sent that the Wellbutrin for you. And yeah, just keep on as soon as you get your medical in place, I would say, you know, start
Dr Jameson: Trying to book something and sometimes the first available appointment is some time away. So I sent I sent a couple months worth on the wealth of Wellbutrin for you just to give you a little question.
Thank you.
Dr Jameson: I thought you were going to ask. So, so the way that the weekly groups is I'm there the counselors there. We do a check in. Who needs refills. And then while the group is going on. I'm listening piping in sometimes but
Dr Jameson: Sending me bills and checking
On
Dr Jameson: You know, checking on labs and frogs means and sort of just
Dr Jameson: You know,
Sydney Kent: The administrative stuff so
Dr Jameson: So it's a twofer. As far as the med refill visit in the group and counseling.
Sydney Kent: Okay.
Any other questions before we wrap up.
Dr Jameson: I just wanna make sure you know President so
Dr Jameson: Okay. All right. Well, it's nice to meet you.
Dr Jameson: You should. And yeah, we'll see you tomorrow. And then, Jamie will be in touch about labs and then we'll get the initial
Dr Jameson: Count for evaluation or assessment or whatever setup.
Sydney Kent: Because I do need to see counter
Dr Jameson: All right, well, I'm just check one other thing.
Dr Jameson: I get doing damage when I any history of suicide sort of thinking or action or attempts or anything.
Mm hmm.
Dr Jameson: How long ago was that
Sydney Kent: Must have been 17
Sydney Kent: It was the last one.
Sydney Kent: 2000 I mean are you were 17
I was 17
Sydney Kent: Okay.
Dr Jameson: That's fine. So who are you and did you end up hospitalized and all that.
Dr Jameson: Did anybody. No.
Sydney Kent: No. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So you had several attempts
Sydney Kent: Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: Any
Dr Jameson: Thinking about that subject lately.
No.
Dr Jameson: You have more
Dr Jameson: Support present now like somebody, you'd be comfortable talking with if you were thinking
Sydney Kent: I don't have someone to talk to.
They were
Dr Jameson: You do or do not do said okay
Dr Jameson: Your girlfriend wouldn't be
Dr Jameson: No. Okay. Okay. Well we're here.
Dr Jameson: To answer the phone 24 hours a day.
Dr Jameson: Definitely obviously get you connected with the counseling anyway. And since it's not actually happening. Anyway, that's okay, but yeah. And then, did you have a sponsor back when you lived
Dr Jameson: Yeah, get where he said, so I know you just got here. So, maybe not. Not a new one yet. But hopefully eventually you'll connect with somebody that seems like a good fit for that.
Sydney Kent: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: That might also be a source of support.
Dr Jameson: And then I you know what I would ask you then to go and look, it's called in the rooms.com. I think if you can just log in there and look around and see see just you know what's there.
Dr Jameson: That might also be a resource if it's, you know, just a bad day or something and you need to connect somehow
Dr Jameson: But that might be another another avenue for you.
Dr Jameson: Um,
Dr Jameson: I know that that especially in that adolescent time period, but
Dr Jameson: Particularly in the LG
Dr Jameson: What is plus stand for, can I ask you to do, you know,
Sydney Kent: I think it's plus
Sydney Kent: I don't know.
Sydney Kent: Maybe gender fluid all that
Sydney Kent: Yeah.
Sydney Kent: I'm like, I don't know.
Sydney Kent: It just
Dr Jameson: Say just added that
Dr Jameson: Recently, and I'm like, Okay.
Dr Jameson: Anyway,
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Sydney Kent: I know that
Sydney Kent: I know that there was you
Dr Jameson: Know lots more higher rates of suicide for sure in the adolescent years. I don't know. I want to make any assumptions about what was going on for you, back then, but
Sydney Kent: I'm sure that typically please some some role, but
Dr Jameson: Anyway, I'm glad. Things have settled themselves.
Out on that end.
Least somewhat
Dr Jameson: Okay, um, anything else that
Dr Jameson: I'll send a note to Jamie to about the counseling appointment so we can try to get that on
Dr Jameson: On the books as well.
Dr Jameson: Okay, anything else that we can help us.
Dr Jameson: Here. Okay.
Yeah.
Sydney Kent: What's that look for
Dr Jameson: I don't know, you just
Dr Jameson: You have this very, kind of like
Dr Jameson: I don't know, or a sad. So I just want to make sure you're okay.
Yeah.
Sydney Kent: Everyone says I
Dr Jameson: Know, it was just the way and I
Dr Jameson: Asked the question. It was just kind
Dr Jameson: Of a slow or answer like okay I just wasn't the most convincing.
Sydney Kent: Yes, okay. I'm okay. Now, I just thought about yesterday is not doing good. Okay, now
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: What made the difference you think. What's different today.
Sydney Kent: I don't know. Nothing particularly good night's sleep.
Sydney Kent: Are you sleeping much, you said, yeah. Oh, I know what it is because I have sleep paralysis and actors and I didn't. How about last night.
Sydney Kent: I haven't like every night, but
Dr Jameson: OK, so maybe you got a better restful restful sleep. Yeah, which makes a huge difference.
Dr Jameson: The other thing that makes a big difference. Strangely enough, is well first of all
Dr Jameson: Exercise.
Sydney Kent: Or yeah, like every day.
Dr Jameson: Good.
Dr Jameson: And then nutrition, which is, of course, everybody says that, but it actually has been shown eating as few processed food as possible and basically as many fruits and vegetables as possible, like natural, you know, real food.
Dr Jameson: Is also
Dr Jameson: Like the higher fiber intake that you get, the better your mood tends to be as well.
Sydney Kent: Oh really,
Dr Jameson: Which is so weird to me. I'm like, how is that
Dr Jameson: Possible, but I just was reading a book about it and
Dr Jameson: It may, if I finally got an explanation. That makes sense. So when you hear about this is what they keep saying the microbiome and the gut can affect your mood and I'm like,
Dr Jameson: I don't get that what they were saying is that that's what actually the bacteria in our intestine is actually what digests the fiber because we can't with our enzymes and stuff. But in the process of that digestive process, they create these short chain fatty acids, whatever little
Dr Jameson: Modules.
Dr Jameson: And anyway, there we have our body apparently has receptors for these short chain fatty acids all over the place. And so that that actually becomes kind of like a hormone where it's like a signal for all sorts of other things.
Dr Jameson: So that's how that works. Strangely enough,
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so I think
Dr Jameson: Trying to focus on fiber.
Sydney Kent: Never thought about that. See
Dr Jameson: Those good bacteria.
Dr Jameson: And
Dr Jameson: So yeah, I mean, that would be another thing to try to
Dr Jameson: Work on reading labels. Although foods that even have labels are usually not as healthy for you, but
Dr Jameson: I'm trying to do you ever track like in
Dr Jameson: My Fitness how or any of those
Sydney Kent: I used to. Yeah.
Sydney Kent: Because you can
Dr Jameson: You can track your fiber intake that way because otherwise, like how much fiber does a carrot up. I don't know.
Dr Jameson: You can add it into that app and keep track that way.
Dr Jameson: Even just for a little while, till you kind of learn because
Dr Jameson: Once you know what it is, then you don't have to keep track. But anyway, the average the bare minimum intake were supposed to have which apparently is like a very low bare minimum is 30 grams of fiber a day. They said the average American gets like two or three
Dr Jameson: So not doing very well.
Sydney Kent: So,
Sydney Kent: That might be something to play.
Dr Jameson: With and just see if you notice a week or two of that of that if, first of all, might help your part part two.
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Second of all, sometimes people notice their modus better
Dr Jameson: Which is crazy to me still, but
Dr Jameson: Worth a try, good for us anyway so
Dr Jameson: Anyway, all right.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Um, alright, so I will send a note to Jamie about getting that counseling appointment started but if anything is not going well, between now and then please reach out anytime
Okay.
Dr Jameson: Sleep paralysis and sleep terrorists I what you said.
Dr Jameson: Mm hmm. Have you seen a sleep specialist
Sydney Kent: I was going to. But my insurance couldn't afford it.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: That's a funny ways people usually my insurance.
Yeah, exactly.
Sydney Kent: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay. All right. Um, I will see you tomorrow and
Dr Jameson: Yeah. If you have any other questions in the meantime virtual clinic is, you know, kind of a place to go.
Sydney Kent: I have a hard time finding here. I don't either call. I don't know how to get there.
Sydney Kent: Um,
Dr Jameson: I think now that you've been there, you might have like a history in your little meeting ID.
Dr Jameson: Like if you go join
Dr Jameson: You will get like a drop down of options and places you've previously been
Dr Jameson: Should be there.
Dr Jameson: That's a good question.
Dr Jameson: No, but when on my phone when I just went in. I had a history, you know, one of my meetings from Rome speaks up. So try that you might find
Dr Jameson: It's in there.
Dr Jameson: So this is my meeting room, but I'm not in this except when I'm
Dr Jameson: Like the, the group meetings will be not in my personal video. There'll be in the
Dr Jameson: The we change the meeting ID is different, every week. So kind of white part of why you have to start go through virtual
Sydney Kent: Okay, gotcha.
Alright.
Dr Jameson: Alright, well, I will see you tomorrow. Hang in there.
Dr Jameson: You Got You Got one one.
Dr Jameson: box checked finding a new treatment program and
Dr Jameson: Yeah course the prescriptions that should alleviate
Dr Jameson: Stress right there so
Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right, seem like you're crying. I guess that's what's making me or like you're holding in tears. No.
Sydney Kent: No, I'm okay. All right.
Dr Jameson: You're like, you're like holding them back or something. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay. All right. I feel like we said goodbye five times. All right.
Dr Jameson: Now you know how to get out of here. You kind of toggle your screen a little in there should be a leave meeting red
Sydney Kent: Letters should come. Okay, see you. Okay. All right. Thank you.
Dr Jameson: You're welcome. Bye.
Bye.
Dr Jameson: Sydney Kent.
Dr Jameson: She's presenting today to establish care with our program.
Dr Jameson: She can sense to use of telemedicine. I confirmed her name and date of birth.
Dr Jameson: Well, you heard what we also had but she's been treated with Suboxone successfully for approximately 10 months.
Dr Jameson: She started on that during an impatient rehab stay
Dr Jameson: She's moved within the past month to a different part of California and therefore needs a new program.
Dr Jameson: She was attending two groups, a day before she moved and currently she's doing one group a day, she hasn't found a new local sponsor quite yet.
Dr Jameson: She's done individual counseling in the remote past, but not
Dr Jameson: Not more recently, and not part of her previous
Dr Jameson: Program, per se.
Dr Jameson: I guess I'm going to finish this dictation after I see the next patient. But I put the past medical history, I put the mental status and physical were normal FX a little flat, but
Dr Jameson: Otherwise, she denies suicidal.
Dr Jameson: ideation.
Dr Jameson: She does have a history of multiple suicide attempts in her teens, but it's been a number of years since she's had any suicidality, and I'll come back, but it'll
Dr Jameson: Hello.
Dr Jameson: Can you hear me.
Dr Jameson: Are you there out there. You like
Dr Jameson: The sound took a minute to pop in
Dr Jameson: How are you today.
Brittany Dingess: How are you
Dr Jameson: I am fine. Thank you.
Dr Jameson: I appreciate your
Dr Jameson: Flexibility here where this
Dr Jameson: Crazy, crazy appointment scheduling system situation here.
Dr Jameson: Alright, so I think we did you get your prescription. All. All right.
Brittany Dingess: I actually haven't had a chance to pick it up, they
Brittany Dingess: didn't send me the text message that it was ready.
Brittany Dingess: Okay, until this morning after hours already gone. I'm doing a
Brittany Dingess: Like an internship for school. Hmm. So I was a counseling agency and I actually, I just lift their
Brittany Dingess: Way to go to Walgreens now.
Dr Jameson: Okay, but they did say it was ready. So that's a good
Brittany Dingess: It's ready now. Yeah, it's red. And there's only $6 so
Great.
Dr Jameson: Bonus
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, absolutely.
Dr Jameson: Um, okay. So I think I wanted to ask more about
Dr Jameson: Sort of like things like do you smoke and that sort of
Dr Jameson: That kind of stuff.
Brittany Dingess: Smoke.
Brittany Dingess: Smoke a pack a day and I have since I was 17 so 16 years
Hmm.
Dr Jameson: OK, so maybe someday. Oh.
Brittany Dingess: I think we had a few times.
Brittany Dingess: Always. It's always been good. I'll be around people, you know, that are spoken.
Dr Jameson: Very hard.
Brittany Dingess: Part that is really hard for me.
Dr Jameson: Do you live with someone else who smokes.
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, my husband smokes and he's had cancer and I'm trying to get him to, you know, to quit and even through all his cancer stuff he's still smoke. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so that's that question and do smoke anything else.
Dr Jameson: Oh, okay.
Dr Jameson: And how about alcohol. Is that a
Brittany Dingess: I used to drink a lot and
Brittany Dingess: I was an alcoholic actually in my early 20s, I would drink like a fifth day
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, and
Brittany Dingess: I'm
Brittany Dingess: Eventually, no one wanted to be around me because I just get so depressed when I would drink. Mm hmm. So I stopped drinking
Brittany Dingess: I just quit cold turkey.
Brittany Dingess: Difficult, but
Brittany Dingess: I've had, I think, since like 2015
Brittany Dingess: Or 2014
Brittany Dingess: I've only had a couple of drinks like I had a glass of champagne on Valentine's Day.
Huh.
Brittany Dingess: I had a glass of wine. A couple months ago.
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, and I had like a mixed drink last year. And that's been about it and I just know it. Honestly, just the smell alcohol makes me sick to my stomach now.
Well, good.
Brittany Dingess: I mean, I don't really enjoy it.
Dr Jameson: At all. Okay. Well, that sounds like a good, good thing because that
Dr Jameson: That volume is enough to really cause a lot of medical problems too so
Yeah.
Brittany Dingess: I agree a todos pancreatitis, the law.
Brittany Dingess: Yeah.
Brittany Dingess: And elevated liver enzymes.
Brittany Dingess: And at one point, my liver enzymes were so high, and this was kind of bright, but I think it was right before or right after I stopped drinking
Brittany Dingess: My liver enzymes were so high they thought I had like hepatitis or something, you know, kept getting tested and it wasn't you know like
Brittany Dingess: They took
Brittany Dingess: It wasn't hepatitis. Yeah, there was nothing there wasn't anything wrong. It was just
Brittany Dingess: Angry
Dr Jameson: Hepatitis is actually a term for inflammation of the liver. If you're going to be like technical about the meaning of the term we
Dr Jameson: Often it's an infection. The virus hepatitis A hepatitis B hepatitis C, but there are certainly other
Dr Jameson: Other things and alcoholic hepatitis is the thing. So that sounds like probably what you had
Brittany Dingess: I mean,
Brittany Dingess: Aside from something obvious like something viral
Brittany Dingess: Really the only other thing was like Tylenol. Mm hmm.
Brittany Dingess: God knows I have been in pain management and I mean there's plenty of times I've technically overdosed on like acetaminophen and I
Brittany Dingess: Never had thankfully never had any significant side effects. I mean other than
Brittany Dingess: Other than now that that one time and then a couple of other times my liver enzymes have been like slightly elevated but not any any thing that was really a causal concern. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I think it's it's really good to you stop drinking because I literally was just listening to a thing on my listen to NPR a lot, but they were. It was like a story about the ginormous increase in the number of young mostly young women who are
Dr Jameson: Developing serious liver
Dr Jameson: Disease sometimes dying or needing transplants because of
Dr Jameson: liver problems and they say the combination of alcohol, which has become women in general drink more alcohol now than they did 34 years ago and also well
Dr Jameson: It's in combination with obesity, which is something. And there's a non alcoholic. Anyway, there's a liver disease, we're seeing a lot more of which has to do with processed foods and eating too much fast. So anyway, the two things together, seem to be creating quite a a monster. So
Brittany Dingess: I actually just went to a funeral. A few weeks ago of a girl. I went to high school with her and she was less than
Brittany Dingess: A year older than me, she's like nine months older than me. And she died of cirrhosis, like she had been sick and she would I worked with her.
Brittany Dingess: For like four or five years and I go to high school with her. I didn't know her high school but I husband's really good friends with her brother.
Brittany Dingess: And I guess she something happened and she went to the emergency room, and by the time they found out that she was sick. I mean, she was pretty much did she leave for like
Brittany Dingess: 10 days or something on hospice
Brittany Dingess: It the Medical Center. And that was it she done just 34 years old.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I actually went to a funeral last month for a neat my neighbors brother who I didn't know at all. But I just want to know, solidarity for my neighbor.
Brittany Dingess: But
Dr Jameson: His second brother. The first one died a year before.
Dr Jameson: This one, both of them died of liver failure from drinking
Dr Jameson: Young. So anyway, I'm glad you quit.
Dr Jameson: And then any other like marijuana math anything else that's been had.
Brittany Dingess: I did math for a little while. For like six months that was 11 years ago now. I didn't really care for it. I just did it because it was around at the time. Yeah, and marijuana. When I was in high school, I would smoke very, very rarely
Brittany Dingess: And I mean, I wasn't partial, you know, either way like it you know
Brittany Dingess: They were bought it.
Brittany Dingess: But it didn't have any. I didn't have any adverse effects with it. And then, as I've gotten older, there's been a couple of times I have tried to smoke.
Brittany Dingess: And it makes me so paranoid. Then I can't stand myself like one and one. And I literally locked myself in my broom closet, because I just couldn't handle
Brittany Dingess: Yeah. Well, it sounds and
Dr Jameson: They keep saying it's getting stronger and stronger and
Dr Jameson: You know, one of the, one of the things that that is starting to come to light as more states are legalizing it is that there's been a giant like in Colorado, which is one of the first states that legalized that there's a real
Dr Jameson: Draw. I mean, jump in, like psychosis salute you know paranoid delusions like
Dr Jameson: So it does have that effect and on more people than we realize.
Dr Jameson: So will you know it'll probably be talked about more and more as there's more
Dr Jameson: Studies done you know you're it's hard to do a study on an illegal substance like that requires a whole lot of extra paperwork, so
Dr Jameson: Now that it's becoming legal like actual medical sciences is starting to do more studies and I think will in the next couple years probably hear all about it. So,
I'm sure
Dr Jameson: And then how much school did you finish.
Brittany Dingess: Um,
Brittany Dingess: I made it to my junior year when I first the first one to college right out of high school.
Brittany Dingess: And I'm now currently a senior in college.
Brittany Dingess: Trying to get these two
Brittany Dingess: Field experience things taken care of so that I can finish my last few classes and graduate
Dr Jameson: You probably told me yesterday, but what are you majoring in
Human Services.
Dr Jameson: So what do you think
Brittany Dingess: Concentration in addiction.
Brittany Dingess: Um, I mean like the end goal is to be a substance abuse counselor. Mm hmm. Um,
Brittany Dingess: I hope
Brittany Dingess: I have a felony.
Brittany Dingess: I don't, I know that like my subs my counselor when I've gone to inpatient rehab one time it was court ordered. But I asked for it.
Brittany Dingess: And he was a convicted felon. I mean, you know, it was like 25 years ago or whatever. But that's when I kind of realized that
Brittany Dingess: Like I could be something more than, you know, a cook, good a restaurant when I went to the University of Tennessee my entire life. I got straight A's and I worked for one go to be a doctor.
Brittany Dingess: To be a medical examiner
Actor interesting
Brittany Dingess: And
Brittany Dingess: And my junior year I was on a full academic scholarship and junior year I had several surgeries. I'd like five surgeries.
Brittany Dingess: And I lost. I lost my scholarship and appealed and got it back once and then I lost it again. And I guess at the time, like I was too broken hearted to think clearly about trying to get everything together to appeal it again. And when I moved back home.
Brittany Dingess: Which was a night going our way home was like an hour away. I moved back home and I ran into a bunch of people that I went to high school with
Brittany Dingess: That's when I started doing math and I had done match for like six months before I had an ex boyfriend. Follow me when I went to visit someone and call the cops just like hoping that there was something there, you know, trying to get me in trouble.
Brittany Dingess: Apparently my friend had a meth lab and a stolen loaded gun and a whole bunch of stuff. I didn't have anything on me. Not in my purse or anything, but they told me
Brittany Dingess: They charged hand with the same the friend of me with the same charges.
Brittany Dingess: And then they tried to get me to be like an informant. But, I mean, I didn't know anything because come to find out the guy that I got arrested with was already an informant for the county. Oh yeah, he shared that with me as they were putting us in the back of the police car.
Brittany Dingess: I mean, I saw, I didn't know anything. They didn't already know and
Brittany Dingess: Then the district attorney told me that they would make an example out of me and forced me to choose either
Brittany Dingess: A drug felony or the
Brittany Dingess: Was a like in the illegal possession of a firearm or something with intent to arm, because at one bullet in it. Mm hmm. So I chose the drug failing is more like a violent nine so
Brittany Dingess: I finished probation I violated probation.
Brittany Dingess: As I got a couple of you guys are not alcohol related, but I'd take a prescription medicine and then drove. Mm hmm. And
Brittany Dingess: My probation officer told me that if I ever had enough money, I'd be able to get that felony removed from my record but
Dr Jameson: Wow, so maybe someday.
Dr Jameson: Hopefully. Okay. And then you're almost done with college you have you're married, do you live with anybody else besides your husband.
Brittany Dingess: Oh,
Brittany Dingess: You have kids. No, no children.
Brittany Dingess: Hate well he had testicular cancer. So as far as we know, he is
Brittany Dingess: Very pretty infertile.
Brittany Dingess: But then I carry
Brittany Dingess: That will see me in Syria. So I don't want to have a kid and I know, chances are it will have it.
Brittany Dingess: So,
Brittany Dingess: I've always been like my concern is always been
Brittany Dingess: You know, I don't want to have a child. And then, you know, have to watch that child die because I gave it a disease, you know that there's no here for so
Dr Jameson: And then, sorry. You probably told me this yesterday, but what you what kind of work do you do
Brittany Dingess: Right now work in a factory. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Do you do that full time and then the school or your part time on factory.
Brittany Dingess: Full time in the factory and and then the school to
Dr Jameson: Them.
I'm trying
Brittany Dingess: No kidding, it's not it's not working so well.
Brittany Dingess: And then I'm getting like no sleep.
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, because I work third shift.
Brittany Dingess: Theory. It sounds like a good idea, you know, work during the night. And then I have the time to do
Brittany Dingess: whatever I need to do. But it's asleep. What's actually happening is I'm working at night and then doing stuff during the day and I get like an hour or two of sleep and then I have to go back into work and
Brittany Dingess: I'm trying to find a job like a part time job that still has good pay because i mean i make
Brittany Dingess: $15 an hour and the work is fairly easy for $15 an hour. Mm hmm.
Brittany Dingess: But I'm having to call in so much. I mean, I'm hardly ever getting full paychecks anyway. Hmm. So yeah, trying to find something that will give me a little bit better schedule.
Brittany Dingess: Money and part time. Yeah, that sounds
Brittany Dingess: That sounds painful. Yeah, it's not it's not fun. My body does not handle those like it used to.
Nobody's
Dr Jameson: How much further. How much longer do you have in school.
Brittany Dingess: I do this.
Brittany Dingess: See I'm projected graduation date.
Brittany Dingess: And June 1 of next year because my classes are normally 15. I mean, I'm sorry, my classes are normally five weeks. But these two field experiences are 15 weeks apiece. So it's added on wow lot yeah
Dr Jameson: Okay, and then tell me where
Dr Jameson: Where did opioids come into your
Dr Jameson: World.
Um,
Brittany Dingess: When I was a teenager, my grandfather, my grandparents adopted and raised me
Brittany Dingess: And my grandfather had lymphoma. And so the very first time I can remember ever trying any or anything. He would keep his purpose in the refrigerator. I don't know why.
Brittany Dingess: Anyways, I got curious and I tried one
Brittany Dingess: So over the next year or two I stole probably maybe 10 in total, very rarely, you know,
Brittany Dingess: Because at that point, you know, I have a five milligram Percocet and I was pretty much done you know
Brittany Dingess: When I was. That was when I was like 15 he passed away when I was 16 when I was 17
Brittany Dingess: I had a really bad car accident.
Brittany Dingess: And immediately, it was like Tramadol just came out on the market. So it was like I was getting samples of ultra set darvocet bottles of darvocet and hydrocodone stuff and I didn't break my neck. But I tour, all of the soft tissue in my shoulders and neck.
Brittany Dingess: So like Aaron I for physical therapy and I was
Brittany Dingess: I didn't turn my head for several months and I legitimately needed something. And at first it started out. Like I wouldn't abuse them. I would actually take them less often than I was supposed to
Brittany Dingess: But as I was on them longer and longer. And I didn't work as well. You know, I figured, well, if I can take on and feel, you know, like this, and then I take two, then I'm gonna feel
Brittany Dingess: Twice as good, you know, and I mean that's what I did for years and then eventually I didn't want to have they offered to do a shoulder surgery but it was like a pretty major surgery and I was barely 18 when they offered to do it. And I didn't want to do it.
Brittany Dingess: So the only other option was a medicine. And then I was in and out of pain management and stuff. I would take a whole month supply of pain pills and two or three days like 120 hydrocodone or whatever in two or three days.
Brittany Dingess: I mean, and I was still functioning and then I started you know I'd run out, I'd be in pain. So I would like. I mean, you know, working in restaurants. There's always drugs and, you know, or somebody who knows where to get them around. So I started by morphine and then
Brittany Dingess: I
Brittany Dingess: See I when I started doing math people would just give me math and our trade it for pain medicine.
Brittany Dingess: And I mean that continued all the way through. End of 2014 I went to rehab.
Brittany Dingess: And I did realize like a
Brittany Dingess: Five STEP program I 12 STEP program kind of based, you know, rehab. I did really good being completely just totally sober.
Brittany Dingess: And I got out in about six months after I got out. I was going to meetings and stuff and then they stopped having meetings around where I live, and then
Brittany Dingess: I had to have some dental work done.
Brittany Dingess: And, you know, they had to have some teeth pulled so they gave me pain medicine like immediately.
Brittany Dingess: I wanted more. And I wanted more. I mean, in it and that's it took me forever to get into Suboxone Dr around me and by the, by the time I got in at. Well, I started going to the Methadone clinic. Good. I mean, that was so expensive and everything. And so far away.
Brittany Dingess: It took me forever to get into a private doctor around where I live, but
Brittany Dingess: By the time I did, I stopped going to the clinic and I was waiting on my appointment with my
Brittany Dingess: Suboxone doctor, like I was I was buying a pan and I mean just whatever you know I could find and
Brittany Dingess: Our take it in two hours later, I would still be, you know, I'd start withdrawing and it
Brittany Dingess: I've had since I've been on somebody went out from the time I started on the box, until now, I guess I've had four surgeries.
Brittany Dingess: Have to sign a surgeries. I had my thyroid taken out and then I had a spinal fusion in November and you know they've given me pain medicine, every time, but
Brittany Dingess: I just, I mean, I don't
Brittany Dingess: Especially before they switch me to the had to the surgeries before they switched me to the sub located
Brittany Dingess: With those two or I had the Suboxone I like I didn't even care about the pain medicine. I mean you know it was there, whatever, like if I hurt really, really, really bad. I'll take one. Now, since they switched me to the sub located
Brittany Dingess: Became a little bit trickier. Like I was on pain medicine for a little bit longer than I feel like I normally would have been because I I kind of started to want it.
Brittany Dingess: Again,
Brittany Dingess: But I mean, still like when I my back surgery that was the hardest and I knew it would be a painful surgery.
Brittany Dingess: I was on pain medicine for like two, three weeks or something.
Brittany Dingess: But like I was taking them. I wasn't taking them as prescribed. I was taking them a lot more frequently and everything. And so I just told him.
Brittany Dingess: I was like, look for my own benefit, you know, please don't give me anymore. I don't, I don't want them because I can already see where this is going. And I don't like it.
Brittany Dingess: You know, I'm not. And one of my biggest triggers has always been anxiety.
Brittany Dingess: And my anxiety has never really been very well controlled and pain medicine was always one of the few things that curb my anxiety, like I was on Xanax and so for many years, Xanax Klonopin I had a man And you know that whole whole
Dr Jameson: Prescribed
Dr Jameson: Where they prescribed or you were just taking them.
Brittany Dingess: Another prescribed
Brittany Dingess: And they were prescribed. I didn't really. I mean, I didn't care for him. Like I could take a half a Xanax and sleep for 12 hours. I had no tolerance. I couldn't function. If I took him, so I mean it just never know. You know, I needed something to help with my anxiety.
Brittany Dingess: I got anxiety, like at work and stuff, you know, so like if if I'm going to take it and it's gonna make me fall asleep and I can't take it. When and where I needed to what good does it do me. And it just so I
Brittany Dingess: I stopped that was you know I haven't gotten anything like that, and years. But even as a teenager, they had me on Xanax
Dr Jameson: Sorry, remind me when you started the Suboxone. It was like four years ago or something.
Brittany Dingess: I'm a little over four years it was November 2015
Dr Jameson: And then last spring is when they switched to the supplicate right
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, last April. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: It's almost a year.
Mm hmm.
Dr Jameson: All right, and then besides those four surgeries. You mentioned any others you had your thyroid out
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, so the the Tucson surgeries. The spinal fusion the thyroid surgery.
Brittany Dingess: I've had my tonsils appendix and gallbladder removed.
Brittany Dingess: I broke my left hand and had to have that fixed surgically.
Brittany Dingess: And I had lifted trip. See, for a kidney stone.
Brittany Dingess: And then I have my wisdom teeth removed.
Brittany Dingess: Think that's everything. It comes all together like 10 surgeries. I think
Yeah.
Brittany Dingess: I've always had health issues.
Dr Jameson: Okay, gallbladder and then tonsils and then
Dr Jameson: What about
Dr Jameson: Did you tell me yesterday. Do you do anything for birth control or I guess your husband's
Brittany Dingess: Instead of date, but I still take
Brittany Dingess: It Home Depot since I was 16
Brittany Dingess: And honestly, I just, I mean I like not having a
Brittany Dingess: Hearing anymore.
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, so I mean I've just stayed on it.
Dr Jameson: So even with the blue box in the loose bar, you still have anxiety or is that working better now.
Brittany Dingess: No, I still have a lot of anxiety.
Dr Jameson: Do you have a history of PTSD, you think
Brittany Dingess: Um, I was recently diagnosed with it. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I asked, because that's common
Dr Jameson: The common
Dr Jameson: Diagnosis in our patient population. So, and, and people that have a hard time with their anxiety, no matter what they do.
Dr Jameson: Sometimes it's because of sort of
Dr Jameson: Stuff that hasn't really been fully
Brittany Dingess: Work through. Yeah, I had a couple of sexual assault, but it got really noticeable. I was like, see.
Brittany Dingess: About a year and a half ago.
Brittany Dingess: October 2018 I was walking my dogs.
Brittany Dingess: And we got attacked by to stray dogs. Hmm. And like they beat me and I had a hairline fracture in my arm and fail like 40 feet down the side of a mountain.
Brittany Dingess: We got her they ripped her apart and like I couldn't do anything. You know, they were on top of me at one point, I couldn't do anything to get them off over so I got they eventually they rolled her another hundred and something yards down the side of a mountain and
Brittany Dingess: I clawed my way back and beat on the bedroom window to wait my husband.
Brittany Dingess: And I had a panic attack. I couldn't breathe. I just, I've managed to tail and, you know, to the point until the dogs were killing her and he came outside and went down there and kill both of them. And she lived
Dr Jameson: Oh,
Brittany Dingess: But like just seeing that seeing her be attacked like that I haven't slept in the bed sense I sleep in the in the living room. My dogs. I mean, it's funny.
Brittany Dingess: Because I know that it's you know i i i had a hard time, not with maybe an attack like that didn't bother me, but with her seeing, seeing something I love you know she'd been through so much. You're so old.
Brittany Dingess: To seeing her be attacked like that just broke my heart. And so like I know I got in my mind I feel my rationale for not sleeping in the bedroom.
Brittany Dingess: Is like I won't hear something happen and like the dogs are one of the catcher something will get hurt, and I won't. You know, Hear, hear him to be able to help
Brittany Dingess: Them a super light sleeper. And so you know when they get up, I'm awake. You know, they start playing I wake up, so I just feel
Brittany Dingess: Like she took one hill. The beaten for me. I mean, they they tore her art. It was so beautiful, so I want to do everything I can. While I have her because she's. I mean, she's so old. Anyway, you know, to make sure that she stays safe and healthy and whatnot.
Dr Jameson: I think that lack of the loss of power like being unable to
Dr Jameson: In that can be a very
Difficult
Dr Jameson: Feeling to get past
Dr Jameson: Have you done any counseling.
I have
Brittany Dingess: There's an issue where I live right now. I've had such a hard time finding a counselor that will take private insurance.
Brittany Dingess: So the few that are have found
Brittany Dingess: You know, are scheduled out weeks and weeks and weeks in between appointments
Brittany Dingess: And
Dr Jameson: Yeah, we have cancer. So we can we can help with that, I think, but
Dr Jameson: I'm just, I just got a message from Jamie that she was going to schedule your initial counseling appointment. As a matter of fact, but she got pulled into a meeting so
Dr Jameson: Should I was just gonna say, should I tell her, you'll call her.
Dr Jameson: We'll see what she says.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so we have a we have counseling. I just wasn't sure how much you had already done. So it's, I think it you know
Dr Jameson: Part of
Dr Jameson: Part of the treatment. I feel like is is not just supply, you know, replacing the, the opiate in your brain. It's like
Dr Jameson: Fick figuring out what was calling you to them in the first place and trying to get to that so that we can you know make your long term success that much more
Dr Jameson: Likely. You know what I mean like if and or helping with coping skills and just other ways to deal with discomfort of whatever sort it is whether it's emotional or physical. So I think it's really all part of part of the
Dr Jameson: Healing and then the recovery is to get to all you know the reasons why not just band aid, you know,
Brittany Dingess: So anyway, so
Dr Jameson: We'll work on that. And that can, you know, that can be hard. So sometimes it takes a long time and little bits by little bit as you're comfortable. So that's okay, but I just, you know, I think it will be good to be working on that project anyway. And there are some specific
Dr Jameson: There's something called how we say the letters wrong em, Dr. I think it's called I'm movement.
Brittany Dingess: reprocess VA.
Dr Jameson: You know cuz
Dr Jameson: I see. I said it wrong again anyway.
Dr Jameson: Has been. I know a number of people that I like in professionally that I've had it done and had really good success. So there's
Brittany Dingess: One. I've never had. I'm only ever had, like, just cognitive behavioral therapy.
Dr Jameson: Which is good too.
Brittany Dingess: Yeah yeah
Dr Jameson: But, but to be able to, and you may know more about it than I do from your studies, but to be able to kind of separate the the memories from the emotions that they
Dr Jameson: Have been triggering
Dr Jameson: So that you can kind of
Dr Jameson: slip into your head again, maybe, but you know there's, you know, some of this this like kind of anxiety that just keeps bubbling up you know sometimes if we can
Dr Jameson: You know, help you process through some of that stuff and ground, you know, get yourself. Anyway, that may, that may be the answer to some of the anxiety, too. So
Brittany Dingess: Maybe I mean I know, I know that there are a lot of things going on in my mind that I'm
Brittany Dingess: not privy to like when I try to sleep. Sometimes I'll scream in my sleep. Yes. And you know everything. And I don't remember anything. So I don't know. You know, if it's something I'm remembering or what
Brittany Dingess: I'm
Dr Jameson: Like maybe. Yeah, yeah.
And
Dr Jameson: Repressed memories to, like, I mean I don't you raised by your grandparents. Right.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, where your. That was the last little section I'm going to have to run again but I'm
Dr Jameson: Family History of addiction or
Brittany Dingess: Alcohol. My grandfather was an alcoholic.
Brittany Dingess: But he was not abusive to me, but he was like he was loud and like yelling all the time, but he was verbally and a few times, physically abusive to my grandmother
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, so I mean there's a whole
Brittany Dingess: There's a whole lot of stuff that I can and I don't care to talk about it to anybody because it is what it is you know
Dr Jameson: Maybe you don't have to tell me either, but that exactly thing, ding, ding, ding, ding, like that.
Dr Jameson: Might be that stuff you're carrying around with you is
Dr Jameson: Part of what keeps you
Brittany Dingess: There's a lot of saying you know i i do like I can tell you, you know, I know this is bothering me. I know this has bothered me like I know this has some impact on me.
Brittany Dingess: And then there's some things that I'm just figuring out as I get older, or having an have had an impact on me that I previously didn't think mattered or didn't think had an impact on myself.
Brittany Dingess: And sometimes
Brittany Dingess: We don't even remember. Yeah.
Brittany Dingess: Explain like I can
Brittany Dingess: I know I can't tell you why certain things or
Brittany Dingess: Whatever make me feel the way they do.
Dr Jameson: Where your parents. What was the situation with them.
Brittany Dingess: And my biological father was abusive to my mother. So when she had me. He didn't want man there was, I don't know if he
Brittany Dingess: I think he put her like he beat beat her up pretty badly. And so, like, put me in protective custody of my maternal grandparents, and then they adopted me
Brittany Dingess: I have met my biological father and he says that everything they told me growing up that had happened is not what happened. Okay. So, I mean, I don't know.
Dr Jameson: Obviously happen so
Brittany Dingess: He claims they basically stole me
Brittany Dingess: Like, you know, not my mom has always been in my life. My biological mother. She's always been in my life. They just raised me when I was really little. They told me she was my sister. Mm hmm. Even though she had me when she was 21. Mm hmm.
Dr Jameson: Did either of them have drug or alcohol issues.
Brittany Dingess: Hey, yeah. My biological father is an alcoholic.
Brittany Dingess: Is a long line of alcoholism that runs in my family long line. I mean, and I don't
Brittany Dingess: I only really know half of my family's history pretty well I've got half sisters and stuff that don't have any issues.
Brittany Dingess: But my my biological father, the whole time I have, you know, man. I get any kind of contact with him. And I actually lived up there. He lives in Indiana.
Brittany Dingess: I lived up there for a few years after I got in trouble with all the math stuff I move away to get away for everyone. And he drinks like a half gallon of whiskey in two nights every 90 days he's drunk and smokes pot every night, every single night.
Brittany Dingess: So,
Brittany Dingess: You know, so
Brittany Dingess: There's a few of the pieces of the puzzle.
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, everything is I don't like
Dr Jameson: Lost your grandfather. I mean, there's anyway so
Brittany Dingess: There's a lot of
Brittany Dingess: Yeah.
Brittany Dingess: And that's and then go into therapy and our therapy every three or four weeks is not helpful for me. I mean, it just doesn't
Brittany Dingess: Have time. Like, I can't go to an inpatient program know as much as I have thought about it.
Dr Jameson: Well look at you will get you on to a
Dr Jameson: Program. I don't know that. It'll be every week depends on the on the availability, hopefully, but
Brittany Dingess: Not every, every, yeah. Better than every. Mm hmm for six weeks or whatever.
Dr Jameson: The group every week, which you know you probably won't want to get into the weeds on all this stuff right in the group. But still, it will be some some some support last two questions before we go. How tall are you,
Brittany Dingess: Have 10 you're tall.
Dr Jameson: And how much do you weigh about
Brittany Dingess: 175
Alright.
Dr Jameson: So you're going to pick up your prescription and then do we talk about yesterday, the group for tomorrow.
Brittany Dingess: Yes, at
Dr Jameson: noon eastern but you're going to check in about half an hour early
Dr Jameson: With the virtual clinic again.
Brittany Dingess: Now, how long does that last is that three hours.
Dr Jameson: It's one hour.
Brittany Dingess: One hour.
Okay, yeah.
Brittany Dingess: The other brands that on the website about
Brittany Dingess: Like the I O P is like three three.
Brittany Dingess: hour sessions.
Dr Jameson: So I was actually
Dr Jameson: That might be the eating disorder wing of the
Brittany Dingess: Baby
Dr Jameson: I don't know anything about it because I don't deal with it. But yeah, that's no we do in our group once a week.
Brittany Dingess: So I'll
Dr Jameson: Be there tomorrow. And if you can have headphones and make sure you if you need to have a cigarette. Right before because we asked people not to smoke during room.
Brittany Dingess: Okay.
Brittany Dingess: Okay, it's fine. I've got headphones at home. I'm driving my car by myself right now. Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: Um, alright, so we will see you tomorrow.
Brittany Dingess: Okay.
Brittany Dingess: All right, all right.
Dr Jameson: Appreciate it. No problem, have a good rest of your afternoon.
Brittany Dingess: You too. Thank you.
Welcome
Dr Jameson: Okay, so back to Sydney Kent.
Dr Jameson: I forget how far I got well you d severe
Dr Jameson: Plan. She's been maintained successfully on Suboxone for over a year.
Dr Jameson: Which
Dr Jameson: Suggests you'd be a great candidate to continue
Dr Jameson: I ran a curious report, which
Dr Jameson: Confirms her her
Dr Jameson: Reported
Dr Jameson: Refill schedule.
Dr Jameson: We will start eight milligram film twice a day. I sent a week supply number 14 or refills, she will begin group tomorrow.
Dr Jameson: Will get a bio psychosocial scheduled you'll have her initial labs done
Dr Jameson: reviewed the structure of our program expectations rules for group, how to check in for group.
Dr Jameson: She's already quite familiar with Suboxone hasn't had any side effects.
Dr Jameson: Doesn't have any questions regarding how it works.
Dr Jameson: I sent a refill on her Wellbutrin tied to bridge her until she can find out new LOCAL PRIMARY CARE sounds like
Dr Jameson: Anxiety and depression are still
Dr Jameson: Issues that are affecting her and I I definitely have a strong sense that she will benefit from individual counseling.
Dr Jameson: She's a remote history of suicidality, which has not been active for
Dr Jameson: At least seven
Dr Jameson: 414 at least 789 years or so.
Dr Jameson: She has a
Dr Jameson: Limited support system.
Dr Jameson: Which could potentially be a risk factor, but I provided her with several resources, including our virtual clinic.
Dr Jameson: encourage her to look into in the rooms.
Dr Jameson: And greater than 50% of this
Dr Jameson: Visit was spent in counseling and discussion discussion of addiction treatment.
Dr Jameson: Also
Dr Jameson: As well as well as nutrition, exercise.
Dr Jameson: As treatment modalities for both addiction and depression. Then we had Brittany.
Dr Jameson: dingus back for the conclusion of her extreme physical from yesterday.
Dr Jameson: So I completed I finished.
Dr Jameson: Teaching her her history.
Dr Jameson: Mental Status and physical our normal. I feel like we should just make one big note and maybe bill it for today because
Dr Jameson: It was really kind of an incomplete visit yesterday. I mean, I don't think we should build it twice. Anyway, so I'm going to just kind of add to the the note from yesterday.
Dr Jameson: Mental Status and physical or normal
She has
Dr Jameson: Like
Dr Jameson: Previous scars from previous piercings along her upper lower lip.
Dr Jameson: otherwise normal o u d severe number one.
Dr Jameson: Number two.
Dr Jameson: Anxiety.
Dr Jameson: Plan.
Dr Jameson: Patient has had inadequate control of her cravings and withdrawal symptoms on support supplicate over the past nine months.
Dr Jameson: Felt that the box on Mark Mar completely for her.
Dr Jameson: I
Dr Jameson: Recommend she start with a half tablet, a day since her last supplicate injection was less than a month ago.
Dr Jameson: And she may have a lower need for
Dr Jameson: Additional buprenorphine at this time she's going to start in weekly group tomorrow.
Dr Jameson: And
Dr Jameson: We'll get her a bio psychosocial she's gonna have our initial labs done I discussed the structure of our program, I guess all the same stuff that I said for the last one, and I agree. Again, that will benefit greatly from counseling to help deal with some unresolved PTSD and anxiety issues.
Dr Jameson: And that is the she has a prescription ready to be picked up at the pharmacy that I had sent yesterday.
Dr Jameson: And that is
Dr Jameson: The end for her.